Who are you to decide who gets to live?
Only I will be enough.
I'll stay, so release all of them.
Let them all go!
Keep your heads down!
I told you I decide who gets to leave.
You leave.
This is our dorm.
This is our dorm, you stupid communist!
Oh, my goodness.
-You're not done.
-Let go.
I'll kill this damn wench.
Please let them go. They're innocent.
You…
You don't know who I am, do you?
I'll tell you.
I'm…
the daughter of the director of ANSP.
Eun Chang-su,
the director of
the Agency for National Security Planning…
is my father.
She hid him? Hid the communist spy?
Your daughter really did it?
Does hiding a spy count as espionage?
You've fooled us twice today,
and what? Promise?
You son of a b****!
I bet all you're thinking about
is killing us.
What kind of deal did you make?
We have bait
that's worth 300 million dollars.
Will Lim Ji-rok
give up the 300 million dollars?
I'm sure our spies consider
dying for our party honorable.
Kill them.
Director Eun Chang-su won't
even find his daughter's body.
Please.
Kill me.
Translated by [Wayne Ryu]
BONUS
-One, two.
-Careful.
We must take them down
before they blow themselves up!
What if we break in rashly
and get the hostages killed, you bastard?
What? "Bastard"?
How dare you call me that?
Just get lost. This is my jurisdiction!
You always dilly-dally and are indecisive,
and that's why all this has happened.
You're a liability to us!
You always blame others,
and that's why this is happening!
Whose fault is this?
A soft boy like you can
never serve the country well.
You killed your former superior
on the pretext of serving the country.
Do you call that serving the country?
What do you know about revolution?
Just discipline your son better.
You piece of s***, how dare you talk
about my son with your dirty mouth?
What did you say? Do you want to die?
I must've gone too easy on you!
What? "Gone easy on me"?
-You God damn bastard!
-Let go, you s***!
I'll just--
-Get lost already!
-God damn it!